<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [ztime][1]
    *   [The date-time mini-language:][2]
    *   [Duration objects][3]
    *   [Parameters][4]
    *   [plus][5]
        *   [Parameters][6]
        *   [Examples][7]
    *   [minus][8]
        *   [Parameters][9]
        *   [Examples][10]
    *   [jitter][11]
        *   [Parameters][12]
    *   [wait][13]
    *   [loop][14]
        *   [Parameters][15]

## ztime

A moment in time expressed as milliseconds since Epoch UTC.

The constructor accept either a string parsed according to the custom
date-time minilanguage or a number of milliseconds since Epoch UTC.

### The date-time mini-language:

```
deta-time-spec: origin WS+ (('+'|'-') offset)+

origin: '' | 'today' | 'now'
| (hh:mmm | hh:mm:ss)
| yyyy-mm-ddThh:mm:ssZ
| ('sunday'| .. |'saturday')

offset: (hh:mm | hh:mm:ss)

```

When the date is not explicitly specified, events are create in the future.
So `ztime("monday")` is *next* monday (excl. today).

### Duration objects

Duration are expressed as JavaScript objects.
A duration object can contain the following fields:

    const duration = {
    weeks:...,
    days: ...,
    hours: ...,
    minutes: ...,
    seconds: ...,
    milliseconds: ...
    };

In this library:

a *week* is always equal to *7 days*,
a *day* is always equal to *24 hours*,
an *hour* is always equal to *60 minutes*,
a *minute* is always equal to *60 seconds*,
a *second* is always equal to *1000 milliseconds*

### Parameters

*   `time`   (optional, default `Date.now()`)

### plus

Create a new event object by adding a duration to this.

The duration is expressed as a *duration object*.

#### Parameters

*   `duration`  

#### Examples

```javascript
const event = new ztime();
event.plus({ hours: 2 }).wait().then(()=>{
console.log("2 hours have passed");
});
```

### minus

Create a new event object by substracting a duration to this.

The duration is expressed as a *duration object*.

#### Parameters

*   `duration`  

#### Examples

```javascript
const event = new ztime();
event.plus({ hours: 2 }).minus({ minutes: 15 }).wait().then(()=>{
console.log("1 hours 45 has passed");
});
```

### jitter

Add or subtract a random duration between 0 and `amplitude/2`

The `amplitude` is expressed as a *duration object*.
In represents the amplitude between the minimum and maximum values of the result.

#### Parameters

*   `amplitude`  

### wait

Return a promise that will be fulfilled at this event's date-time.

### loop

Return a promise that will be fulfilled at a later point in time.

At the date-time of this event, the `fn` callback is called.
It may postpone the promise completion by calling the `next` callback
parameter.

#### Parameters

*   `fn`  

[1]: #ztime

[2]: #the-date-time-mini-language

[3]: #duration-objects

[4]: #parameters

[5]: #plus

[6]: #parameters-1

[7]: #examples

[8]: #minus

[9]: #parameters-2

[10]: #examples-1

[11]: #jitter

[12]: #parameters-3

[13]: #wait

[14]: #loop

[15]: #parameters-4
